TF-4073 Update variable set documentation (#301)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/run/cli.mdx

- Run-specific variables set through the command line or in your local environment. Terraform can use shell environment variables prefixed with `TF_VAR_` as input variables for the run, but you must still set all required environment variables, like provider credentials, inside the workspace.
- Workspace-specific Terraform and environment variables set in the workspace.

> - Variable sets applied globally, to the project containing the workspace, or to the workspace.

Reviewer: Feel free to disregard this one if you don't like it! I just like the extra specificity:
```suggestion
- Any variable sets applied globally, on the project containing the workspace, or on the workspace itself.
```
